So we learn how we could check to make sure that our person constructor function is used with the keyword
new.
However there is a way around it.
It's not foolproof if you will because when I use call like so I'm setting the keyword this equal to
an instance of the person aka the lowercase person object right here.
And so javascript can't really tell the difference between if I'm using the keyword new or if I'm really
not using the keyword new.
So there is a new way to do it and that is because E-6 introduced a meta property referred to as new
dot target.
So what I'm going to do is essentially copy this original function right here with control or command
C.
Pop it down here and then after that I'm going to comment it back in like so.
So instead of doing what we did before which was to essentially just check if it's an instance we're
going to use the new target.
So when I write it out first and then we'll talk about it all you type of and then new dot target like
so and then does not equal undefined.
Now if I say this again you're going to see it actually catches the error that my original code did
not catch.
So what is the new dot target met a property.
Well a metal property is essentially a property of a non object and it actually gives you information
about the target of your constructor function.
That is it gives you information about the new object that you're creating with your constructor function.
So whenever you call the keyword new on your constructor function this metor property will be filled
up with Typically the target constructor function.
That is the object that will be made based on your constructor function.
So in other words if we use the keyword new this new dot target property will be set to a value and
if we do not use the keyword new then we're invoking the internal call method right here and whenever
that internal call method is invoked instead of the internal construct method if that happens then the
new dot target property a property is set to undefined.
So in this case we're just invoking the internal call method right here.
And so the new target property will always be set to undefined.
So it's a much more foolproof check than just checking to see if this keyword is an instance of person.